Support importing safetensors format (#2721)
tracel-ai/burn: burn-book/src/import/README.md

# Importing Models

> The Burn project provides robust support for importing models from various machine learning frameworks, allowing you to leverage pre-trained models and weights in your Burn applications. These import capabilities are designed with efficiency, security, and compatibility in mind.

Reviewer: Didn't really notice before, but "The Burn project" sounds a bit weird lol.

And I think I would again keep things simple, e.g.

```suggestion
Burn supports importing models from other frameworks and file formats, enabling you to use pre-trained weights in your Burn applications.
```

## Supported Formats

Burn currently supports three primary model import formats:

| Format | Description | Use Case |
|--------|-------------|----------|
| [**ONNX**](./onnx-model.md) | Open Neural Network Exchange format | Direct import of complete model architectures and weights from any framework that supports ONNX export |
| [**PyTorch**](./pytorch-model.md) | PyTorch weights (.pt, .pth) | Loading weights from PyTorch models into a matching Burn architecture |

> | [**Safetensors**](./safetensors-model.md) | Hugging Face's secure tensor format | Secure, efficient, and language-agnostic weight loading without pickle dependencies |

Reviewer: I don't think "secure tensor format" is entirely accurate. It is safer than pickle. I'd argue it's probably generally faster though. Also, the use case for is pretty similar. We just swap the pickle dep for safetensors to load the weights into a matching Burn architecture.

```suggestion
| [**Safetensors**](./safetensors-model.md) | Hugging Face's model serialization format | Loading a model's tensor weights into a matching Burn architecture |
```
